C:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.deps.json
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.pdb
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\0Harmony.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MelonLoader.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.XRModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UI.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.InputSystem.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.InputLegacyModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\DarkRift.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MeshBakerCore.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.XR.OpenXR.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.AIModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.AudioModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UIModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Mathematics.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Collections.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\TobiiXRCore.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\LibVLCSharp.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Tobii.GameIntegration.Net.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\ECM2.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Burst.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\DarkRift.Client.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\DTLS.Net.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Postprocessing.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.TextMeshPro.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Bhaptics.Tact.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.AndroidJNIModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.WindModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\AwesomeTechnologies.VegetationStudioPro.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\SteamAudioUnity.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\NicoKuroKusagi.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.ClothModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\AVProVideo.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.XR.OpenVR.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.XR.Management.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Oculus.LipSync.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.XR.Hands.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\SteamVR.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\TobiiXRSDK.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\FMODUnity.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\NETOpus.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MTJobSystem.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.VideoModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UniTask.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MagicaClothV2.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\NewBlood.EngineInternals.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MagicaCloth.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Cohtml.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\cohtml.Net.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Serialization.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\endel.nativewebsocket.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.VRModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\ShapesRuntime.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\PWCommon3DLL.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Crc32.NET.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.InternalAPIEngineBridge.001.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Entities.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MPUIKit.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Cinemachine.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.GridModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\AwesomeTechnologies.TouchReactSystemPro.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\AVProVideo.Extensions.UnityUI.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Boxophobic.TheVehetationEngine.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.AI.Navigation.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.VectorGraphics.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MonoMod.Utils.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MonoMod.RuntimeDetour.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\bHapticsLib.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\AssetRipper.VersionUtilities.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\AssetsTools.NET.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Tomlet.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\ValueTupleBridge.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.SubsystemsModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.InputModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsCommonModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Properties.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Collections.LowLevel.ILSupport.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Burst.Unsafe.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.TextCoreFontEngineModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.XR.CoreUtils.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Valve.Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.SpatialTracking.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\TobiiXRG2OM.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Timeline.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Cohtml.RenderingBackend.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Mathematics.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UIElementsNativeModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.TextCoreTextEngineModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Boxophobic.Utils.Scripts.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.InternalAPIEngineBridge.003.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\WebSocketDotNet.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAssetBundleModule.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MelonLoader.xml
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\Immersiv.3329E56B.Up2Date
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.dll
c:\Users\Heorenmaru\Desktop\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.pdb
F:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.deps.json
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.pdb
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\0Harmony.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Assembly-CSharp.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MelonLoader.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.XRModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Mono.Cecil.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UI.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.InputSystem.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.InputLegacyModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\DarkRift.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MeshBakerCore.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.XR.OpenXR.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.AIModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.AudioModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UIModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Mathematics.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Collections.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\TobiiXRCore.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\LibVLCSharp.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Tobii.GameIntegration.Net.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\ECM2.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Burst.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\DarkRift.Client.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\DTLS.Net.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Postprocessing.Runtime.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.TextMeshPro.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Bhaptics.Tact.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.AndroidJNIModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.WindModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\AwesomeTechnologies.VegetationStudioPro.Runtime.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\SteamAudioUnity.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\NicoKuroKusagi.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.ClothModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\AVProVideo.Runtime.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.XR.OpenVR.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.XR.Management.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Oculus.LipSync.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.XR.Hands.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\SteamVR.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\TobiiXRSDK.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\FMODUnity.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\NETOpus.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MTJobSystem.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.VideoModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UniTask.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MagicaClothV2.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\NewBlood.EngineInternals.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MagicaCloth.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Cohtml.Runtime.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\cohtml.Net.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Serialization.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\endel.nativewebsocket.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.VRModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\ShapesRuntime.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\PWCommon3DLL.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Crc32.NET.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.InternalAPIEngineBridge.001.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Entities.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MPUIKit.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Cinemachine.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.GridModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\AwesomeTechnologies.TouchReactSystemPro.Runtime.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\AVProVideo.Extensions.UnityUI.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Boxophobic.TheVehetationEngine.Runtime.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.AI.Navigation.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.VectorGraphics.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MonoMod.Utils.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MonoMod.RuntimeDetour.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\bHapticsLib.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\AssetRipper.VersionUtilities.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\AssetsTools.NET.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Tomlet.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\ValueTupleBridge.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.SubsystemsModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.InputModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsCommonModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Properties.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Collections.LowLevel.ILSupport.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Burst.Unsafe.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.TextCoreFontEngineModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.XR.CoreUtils.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Valve.Newtonsoft.Json.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.SpatialTracking.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\TobiiXRG2OM.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Timeline.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Cohtml.RenderingBackend.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.Mathematics.Extensions.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UIElementsNativeModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.TextCoreTextEngineModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Boxophobic.Utils.Scripts.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\Unity.InternalAPIEngineBridge.003.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\WebSocketDotNet.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAssetBundleModule.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\MelonLoader.xml
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.AssemblyInfo.cs
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.sourcelink.json
F:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\Immersiv.3329E56B.Up2Date
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.dll
f:\Projects\GIT_Projects\CVR_Mods\Immercive touch\obj\Debug\netstandard2.1\ImmersiveTouch.pdb
